predict game results be the best and win
awesome prizes anivia calm the tray will
say whether the lane swap is going to
come in a course the tory lanez whoppers
are the old OMG but probably will want
the 2v2 as they have picked up the
ultimate lick hatch out OMG lineup but
they're stacked is five there but the
numbers advantage who is he gonna face
check he is going to face check of
course the rest of on G then find their
way out stunned off his love city air
smells he getting some cheeky auto
attacks but first blood for Uzi and as
he got at every single game almost
that's going to be rough it's quite good
at choking out of tanks as well as
squishy members so maybe an earlier
spike in this game at least or m3 is it
going in for a gank that's a lot of
creeps eyes yeah well Susie and lovely
try it on someone there's the flash
knock up is he once again helping pick
up another kill loveling grabs the
second one of the game and looper
lachung we just gets tonight a bunch of
farm but he comes con deal of lovely
going down solo lupa with the ignite
that's the first kill 4 m3 yeah yes blue
buff now so that's a good news story to
try and get something done pools hot
coming around as well there's the
scrying of m3 getting corralled update
their turret there's a teleport from
looper as well change the corruption
onto son he's already photographer look
at who's ease damage as well as cool as
he blows his load underneath the tartare
de he's looking to try and clean this
one up Uzi right in amongst it splashes
forward with the peacemaker beloved City
not going to die as I ya know he is in a
lot of trouble we'll need to move out
from underneath this one his son Uzi
actually taking up the turret tip is now
going to take over and I'm OMG grab
themselves another kill these people
strong in the bottom line looper and
Donnie again to Izzy yeah who's is so
dead as data is able to get that kill
makes a lot of health often but that is
going to be the first one down infinity
edges there SML zeit running away from
his tour there's to change the
corruption but tippers is tanking medal
hero there
SML Z so dead loveling grabs that kill
that could mean the Torah now is cool is
pêche all the way up to this inhibitor
level 10 to level nine SML Z now starts
shooting at him but he's not going to be
able to find too much understands that
basically it means he's just going to
take more damage from the ultimate conde
he's taking to heart health here is
wobbling he's going to go in there's the
knock-up cool grabs it and now the chaos
so I'm going to follow looper underneath
this turret is the precinct of it OMG
they want one thing and it's called a
tyrant exactly right they force them off
they get another kill on to the jungle
that's going to meet dragon number two
or they can just keep pushing through
right now because easy as we set with
that infinity idea that achieved on a
times quite lovely at this stage so I'm
going to come in yeah does manage to
land this done timas goes down as well
Donnie wants to be able to find it but
rift walks on top of the lanten to his
death fish goes wide Uzi trying to do
what he can playful tricks are not going
to find the damage explosive cast doing
some work there oh my god s bleep up is
he gonna get killed by the minions
that's the question going finds his way
in Uzi times around one more auto-attack
use is the ultimate what the heck and
incomes cool Uzi you should have died
you don't channel ace in the hole when
there's a oh it's about sending a
message some uses his net to get right
up to him as well look at the crits from
Uzi there's the ace in the hole loveling
doesn't even need to spend any time
under the turret to only why are you
flashing man I got this ya know the tar
probably gonna fall it's all game lovely
girl ride s'okay death sentence is going
to land as the box change the corruption
are down able to start up a couple of
members here actually conde gets the
body slam Suns going to die but so does
fears Uzi a full health double buffs in
the backline casually dodging out of the
way of everything peace make up to
finish off love CD dot a decent damage
there with the false false but it's a
double kill in the end Conde able to
tank up the ace in the hole does fall
down is I think he was taking the turret
SML Z's gonna dies an afterthought no mg
might be able to take down the last
remaining inhibitor yeah
for two and a comprehensive team fight
we're cool looking for the ace Oh dodges
the body slam killed conde and well this
is been an absolute free state in Israel
majority this time around of a
completely horrendous and OMG with a
decimating performance twelve thousand
gold in the lead at 23 minutes into the
game surrender from m3 and they out of
playoffs already yeah and one thing we
know off the back of that is that Donnie
and looper will miss worlds yeah and OMG
an Uzi keep their hopes alive